# Entry 6
##### X/X/XX

Recap: During the entire school year I have been working on a project  called the freedom project which every student is required to do. Every monday we woulld work on said project and for the project you could have up to 3 partners. I decided to work on this project all year with two friends of mine.  For th eproject we had the option to pick whatever we felt like making whether it be a game or a website of whatever you feel most passionate about. My partners and I decided on a game which would be a platform game. Kind of like mario. The goal was to pick a tool to help us make the project and spend every monday working on the project. We picked [Kaboom.js](https://kaboomjs.com/) which is a tool that has a lot of documentation to help us understand all the syntax and give us a headstart on the project.

The first section that I want to go over in this entry is the in class presentations. After working on our projects for the whole year, we had to present them to our classmates and we got to pick the order in which we wanted to go in. Originally We wanted to go first to get it over and done with. Nothing ever works out how we want it and right as we had to fill out the form, one of us notices a bug in our code. We were not able to play our game due to this bug which was that the gravity syntax was not working and for some reason it made the whole game a black screen and had an error pop up. We were so scared that we spent so much time into making our game just for it not to work in the end even though we were playing it fine and had great feedback from our classmates about the game. the number range on which we present went from one to five in order from going first to going last. Since we found out this bug we were forced to go last in order to have a little bit more time to figure out the bug. Luckilly after spending our whole night not doing anything other than working on the project we found out what the problem was and fixed it. On the first day of presentations we got to watch so many people present and saw some really amazing projects. After watching these projects on the first day we abosrbed the knowledge and took in little details that we could add to our presentation to make it much better. On the second day we had to present. I tried to remember the tips and tricks that mr mueller told us about like having enthusiasm and making eye contact with others besides mr mueller.  While I was up there presenting I tried my best to explain every slide without looking at the board so that my classmates could read off the board while I was explaining but different from what I wrote and more in depth. I wanted to talk about my struggles the most which I did but the reason I wanted to because it annoyed me so much and I just had so much to talk about with it.My enthusiasm could have been a little better. When I came back to my seat, my friend told me that my enthusiasm was good but not as good as when I was presenting to my friends. This is something that is due to confidence I have when I talk to friends and have a sense of safety where they wont judge me. For the eye contact I tried to look everywhere but mainly towards my friends as they were the most familiar faces I knew. I felt like our presentation was good and infact we got a 20/20 on the presentation.

The second section was the Expo elevator pitch. I dont know why but during the entire expo I felt more relaxed and calm. Even though almost all my other teachers and random adults came to look at my presentations I just felt regular and not nervous. I believe it was because I had so many friends at the expo who came to see my project and I forgot that I was being graded on this project and just had fun with my presentation. Looking around and seeing everyones presentations was fun. I went to the other side of the room and saw someone who had some crazy project. It had to do with boxing or some type of martial arts and a scanner that shows you on the screen. The only thing I regret was not wearing my shirt I got from the expo last year. I dont have a lot to say about this part besides the fact that I wasnt nervous and had fun watching everyone fail at playing my game then showing them the secret way to win at the end. The expo was a great expierience to have and We were an honorable mention for projects that were super close to becoming a finalist. Here is the link to my [Project](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ZZ0VK8P2LVDCQJ6-0sR1UT9mkXsu97gXbbfTR0cba8E/edit?usp=sharing).

In terms of EDP (Education Design Process) I am currently on stage 7 which is communitcating the results. This happened at the expo where I showed all the judges and fellow classmates my project and have been scored based on how well my project is. I think at this point i would be on stage 8 if there was one because I have finished communicating my results after the expo ended. In terms of skills I have used I would say that I used communication and collaboration as I had to present infront of so many people at the expo as well as collaboration due to the fact that I had partners who helped me with my presentations.

[Previous](entry05.md) | [Next](entry07.md)

[Home](../README.md)
